Why doesn't Mary come in?
coming soon
That one try will add 6 million compensation fee.
Now 3 million, they forced me to give it to you.
He didn't know what happened to them.
Do something bad.
Nothing.
Come on, grandpa is waiting.
Little Zhang will consider this his home from now on.
Don't focus on this.
Okay, sir.
Dear Tham.
He is the Ly Tuyet Cam you told me about.
Yes, Mr. Tan.
I didn't expect to hear two sentences here.
He is a doctor.
Of course I know you.
So I have something to say.
I met a patient with anemia.
Normal body.
But a wedding is not possible.
I want to invite you to see.
Can I see other reports?
I can carry it.
Old man Tan
If I'm not mistaken
These must be three negative ghosts.